1.Type of tree found in northern california that can grow for hundreds of years.
2.Hundreds of these birds flock to australia every summer in order to avoid the harsh conditions of himilayan salt factories
3.Is the name for a basketball team that is composed almost entriely of cockroaches.
4.Swimming for hours and hours, this type of fish lives in the water.
5.Is the name for a solotion that has a Ph of more than 43 degrees fahrenheit.
6.Some members of this triceretops family are able to talk by blowwing the large trombone like growth on their heads.
7.A woman shoots her husband. Then she holds him underwater for over 5 minutes. Finally, she hangs him. But 5 minutes later they both go out together and enjoy a wonderful dinner together. How can this be?
8.Running up and down the street these actors are well known for causing much confusion.
9.Every year this festival is held to symbolize brazil's commitment to western global hegemony.
10.Does it count as a murder if I only got points for an assist.
11.How much wood could a wood chuck chuck if a wood chuck could chuck wood.
12.Entering into a contract man finds himself freed from the state of nature, where his life was nasty, brutish, and short
13.Robin hood's sidekick throughout his appearance in films and television.
14.Robespierre's most valuable asset was his head.
15.I am not alive, but I grow; I don't have lungs, but I need air; I don't have a mouth, but water kills me. What am I?
16.Non-fungible tokens are a new type of ____ intended to replace current instututions with a similar purpose.
17.Gone with the wind was filmed in which southern states and in what year.
18.Born in Italy in 1945, this artist painted "My Painter Friends in London". I hope all artists can aspire to have a wikipedia page like Lino.
19.Underneath two hundred pounds of fur, this strange sea mamal creates large pockets of air with it's fur in order to breath under water for 3 seconds at a time.
20.Two fathers and two sons went fishing one day. They were there the whole day and only caught 3 fish. One father said, that is enough for all of us, we will have one each. How can this be possible?
21.If eleven plus two equals one, what does nine plus five equal?
22.Lime flavored popcicles are a favourite treat in this seaside town.
23.Launched in 1930, this polish aircraft was developed for a contest to succed the F-13 in the polish airlines.
24.Limsa lominsa is not a place for the faint of heart.
25.Ending the first task he leaped from his seat and shouted in exitement. 
26.The boy scanned each row from top to bottom reading them for all to hear.
27.Yes I did solve it, the solution is t, e, os, wheatfdzzt, bzzzzz, zyzzzzdtzzehuzzazzz, zez, i, z.
28.Only the teacher heard and understood his answer. Everyone else could tell it was gibberish the moment it was uttered.
29.Upper division math classes are taught using this methodology, as opposed to the traditional salmon creek method.
30.In this five thousand episode anime, you travel alongside a group of high schoolers transported into a world where all the monsters are sentient microwaves.
31.Nuns are required to say this prayer at least 15 times before bedtime, and are then tucked in by the great and powerful wizard omnicron.
32.Omnicron is a name of this great wizard, well know for tucking in nuns before their bedtime.
33.None of these hints are very helpful, in fact, I'm beginning to think this was all a ruse.
34.Activity aimed at protecting an agencies intelligence from an opposition's intellegence agency.
35.Summertime pirates are a problem on this remote asteroid mining operation.
36.Enter the dragon was the breakout hit for this well know martial artist and actor.
37.Can you name three consecutive days without using the words Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, or Sunday?
38.Real housewives of berlin was a hit soviet tv show broadcast for how many years and in which regions of russia.
39.Emminent domain was used in this supreme court case to allow the us government to buy out all of the land that the motel 6 by ben and jerry's now sits at today
40.This is getting a little tedious, are you really reading all of these? you probaly just skipped near the end to see if there was a real one somewhere.
41.This 6 legged arthropod was the inspiration to a hit pixar movie that won several awards for exelence in dance coreography.
42.What has six faces, but does not wear makeup, has twenty-one eyes, but cannot see? What is it?
43.Elementry my dear watson is the famous saying of this well known opium enthusiast.
44.Not all scientists agree that the four fundamental forces are separate, many think they are all one singular force. This theory is know as___.
45.Trash cans in this metropolitan area are well know for their ability to perform a myriad of stunts and tricks, including performing alchemy on plastic bottles and alluminum cans.
46.You live in a one story house made entirely of redwood. What color would the stairs be?
47.Four score and seven years ago was a quote from Albert Einstien in his famous graduate thesis: On Theory
48.In this classic 80's movie, a kid and his classmates ditch school and go on a crazy adventure across town, eventually leading to the heat death of the universe.
49.V is the name given to the main character of which two large budget console games, which both came out in varying states of completed.
50.End of page, please insert another paper to continue.